Hotfix exceeded localStorage quota (#5039)
scalableminds/webknossos: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

### Fixed
- Fixed a bug where importing NMLs failed if they had unescaped greater-than signs inside of attributes. [#5003](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5003)

> - Mitigate errors concerning localStorage quotas in the datasets dashboard. [#5038](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/issues/5038)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mitigate errors concerning localStorage quotas in the datasets dashboard. [#5039](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5039)
```

Unless you linked the issue instead of the PR intentionally :)

Author: eagles eye ;)
